
# HikAlarmCheck
HomeSeer plugin to check HikVision camera for motion events

## Overview
HomeSeer (HS3) is a flexible home automation system that supports a plugin architecture
to extend its capabilities.  HikVision cameras  can be used to detect motion
either from processing the image or (with certain models) through a separate
PIR sensor.  This plugin access the data stream from the camera to detect motion
and links this to Homeseer as a device.  Multiple cameras can connect to HomeSeer 
through a single instance of the plugin. 

The plugin in written in C# and is based on a sample generated by Marcus Szolkowski.
See HomeSeer forum thread "Really simple C# sample plugin available here!" <http://board.homeseer.com/showthread.php?t=178122>.

## Compatibility
Tested on the following platforms:
* Windows 10 with Visual Studio 2015 
* Ubuntu 14.04 with Mono 3.2.8

## License
HikAlarmCheck is available under [The MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).  

Copyright (C) 2016 SRG Technology, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## Installation
Place the compiled executable in the HomeSeer installation directory.
HomeSeer will recognize the new plugin the next time the server is started.

The plugin can also be executed manually and will connect with a server on the
local computer.  Alternately, a command line argument of "server = IpAddress" can
be used to connect to a remote server. 
